# t-bot ultimate plus plus 0.0.1v
 it alpha test for Tbolt ultimate Plus + update 0.0.1v :  [numlist] []add mini map []add character customization []add optimization plus + []add plugin plus + []add modpacks plus + []add resource packs plus + []add lagg plus + []add gui plus +\ []add rtx ultimate texture pack []add more [/numlist]  it by THE Proper RahStudio Eentertainment and ECO RahNight_BlueLight in twittch.tv and twitter and instagram  this is a Modpack that enhances of Minecraft. to the point that blows people's mind like crazy. right now it has a built-in customization system for your character and Senegal popular plug-ins as well as combined it with some crazy mods that are built by the company itself. optimize Minecraft so any computer can run it. is well as lagg plus plus this reduces the computer's processing power so it doesn't burn on the CPU. and also this will support the Bedrock version that doesn't allow plugins or mods. plus-plus is enhanced version of the minimap mod the point you can teleport to your job site and your items will be in a not respawn unload out world. texture pack ultimate brings a rtx ultimate texture pack like no other.  mojang trying get ok for thim so we putt in minecraft bedrock and cross play platform pc and mobile and consoles and java.  plugin ultimate this includes built-in worldedit buit-in worldguard and several other plug-ins I will add to the list  this is the only mammal that can have 50 mod packs and 50+ plugins on one server.that also includes added mods that you want to add yourself. that also includes added plugin that you want to add yourself.  so when we mean it has plugins and mods is removed think of something like Ark structure plus butt on steroids.  Java world and Bedrock worlds they can all be worked on the same server to transfers.  one for now furry version of the furry mod but I'm crazy steroids something you never seen before. and have food mods and enhance furniture mod.  everyone enjoy this t-bolt modpack  apparently something went wrong with the file and the thing I thought I had everything iron out I apologize  and much more coming soon.  credits team worldedit mod team morefood2 mod team tails mod team furniture mod team mod
